Chen Hao Wei, can you help me with mathematics?
[Episode 3]
Sure.
[Love Confession from the Shooting Stars]
Why is your exam paper swimming with turtles?
Drawing turtles make me really happy.
Didn't know turtles could do that.
How about you teach me how to draw?
Sure, I'll teach you
the easiest drawing method.
Start with a huge oval.
Add tons of circles inside.
Give it boomerang limbs.
- Boomerang?
- Yep.
Now, you have to draw a huge head.
Finish with a tiny tail.
- Easy, right?
- Huge head, tiny tail.
So cute. Thanks.
I've mastered it.
I'm really curious about something.
- What is it?
- Why do you keep smiling?
- Do I?
- Look at yourself.
Aren't you smiling now?
What's wrong with smiling?
But don't you ever feel upset?
Or maybe sad?
I...
I've got no clue.
How about I teach you a new method?
What is it?
Silently recite 1, 4, 2, 8, 5, 7.
1, 4, 2, 8, 5, 7?
Don't you feel at peace?
Why these numbers?
Because they're the most mysterious
numbers in the world.
Some people call them God's chosen digits.
Others say they're the code to the universe.
But they're just a chain
of cyclic numbers in math.
When they're multiplied up to six,
the numbers don't change,
and their sequence doesn't change either.
It's the same six digits.
Aren't you a top student?
Chen Hao Wei, pick up the damn phone.
- Such a lame mistake.
- I just want to hear your explanation.
What happened to the funds?
So, you just used up Mr. Lin's money?
- We tried our best, but...
- I know that investments have risks.
But you made such grand promises.
Now, what do we do?
- What about everyone's hard work?
- I invested in bonds after your advice.
The same with endowments.
1, 4, 2, 5, 8, 7.
- 1, 4, 2, 5, 8, 7.
- Now, I'm on shit terms with the bank.
They refuse my loan requests.
- 1, 4, 2, 5, 8, 7.
- I'm out of the trading game.
What am I to do now?
How about you speak with him?
- 1, 4, 2, 5, 8, 7.
- Come on, help me.
Chen Hao Wei!
1, 4, 2, 5, 8, 7.
Excuse me, are you here to check in?
Miss?
Pick one card.
Huh?
I knew you'd need help finding your way.
Is He Xiang Yong here?
I'm looking for him.
-
Bring the luggage in.
So, you're the comic artist
working with Xiang Yong?
Can I ask you a question?
When Xiang Yong is in the office and at work...
- Xi Xi!
- Are you... Don't yell!
Are you trying to scare me into my grave?
I'm just curious about
Xiang Yong's attitude at work.
And how he's doing in the office.
Wh-Why are you here?
Strange, do you know her?
Sir, you don't read comics.
She's super famous.
"Hunter's Gentle Vacation,"
"Sweets, Seeds, Prophecy Diaries,"
"Goddess Zandeer" are all her works.
I love her comics.
You're my idol.
But why are you here?
- Are there any available rooms?
- What are you doing?
She's clearly here as a guest.
What? Is there a problem?
Nah, sir.
Your only available room hasn't been
tidied up after the last check-out.
And I haven't scrubbed the toilet bowl.
That room is also leaking water.
I don't think anyone should live there.
How many days do you plan on staying here?
Three.
Wait, that empty room
really has water leakage.
- The floor is soaked.
- Hao Wei, help this lady check in.
-
- Sure.
- Zhong Xiao You!
Bring her luggage to 201!
201 has no water leakages,
I can guarantee that.
Please check in here.
Miss, this way, please. Sorry about the fuss.
Du Du, come here.
Get in the shade.
-
Why sneak up here alone?
To read.
And admire the scenery.
You're avoiding Xi Xi, huh?
What?
Why do you know Xi Xi?
I've read her comics.
My friend's also her editor.
-
I don't need to divulge
all these to you, right?
But when Mr. He was talking to her,
why did you look so jittery?
-
Did I?
Are you scared of caterpillars?
What caterpillars?
I wasn't...
I wasn't nervous.
Are you hiding something
about He Xiang Yong?
You've got a wild imagination.
What are you doing?
Did you date He Xiang Yong?
Answer me!
Yes, totally inseparable!
Couldn't even spend a second apart.
Inseparable?
That's a relief.
What? Why?
That just means you've never dated him.
Ridiculous.
Wait.
Didn't you say we should keep our distance
and not get in the other's way?
-
Why are you so concerned
about me now?
Nah, it's nothing.
Just some friendly concern.
Huh, really?
Your questions didn't sound
like friendly concern.
It sounded like...
Well?
Like you were calling the kettle black!
Got something on?
It's nothing.
We're getting along wonderfully.
-
She wants to know if we have time.
Are you planning on visiting somewhere?
Breathe.
Breathe?
She probably wants to head out.
Right?
That's great.
I can give you a ride.
Rent a bike yourself.
-
I'm sure girls want to ride their own bike.
What are you staring at?
Why do you know her so well?
Maybe I'm just more sincere with others.
Sincere?
I used to love gazing at the sea.
- But that's as far as I go.
- I can't swim.
-
Whenever I hear sounds of the sea,
I imagine I'm floating on it.
-
Well?
I'll take some photos for you.
One, two, three.
If you're feeling troubled,
you can come here to relax and let loose.
Face the sea and count 1, 4, 2, 8, 5, 7.
7... 7 by 7 is 49.
8 by 8 is 64.
9 by 9 is 81.
-
You can sing, too.
When you're done singing or counting,
you'll realize that nothing really matters.
All your troubles will vanish.
I'm serious.
It's just that magical.
I'll take another photo for you.
We're here.
Li Wan Zhe.
Three bowls of shaved ice.
Green bean milk shaved ice.
-
- And a shaved ice with jelly.
- Over here.
Just get Xi Xi some shaved ice
with tricolored taro balls.
Make sure to cook the taro balls fresh.
Move quickly.
-
Angela.
Hao Wei! Done ordering?
- Yep.
- Okay.
Xiao You, guests are here.
Xi Xi, hear me out.
Wan Zhe's stall makes awesome shaved ice.
Nothing on the menu is bad.
But the taro balls take time.
They cook them upon ordering.
Drink up, it's a hot day.
Scorching hot.
Our food is here.
That's too fast.
Li Wan Zhe, what is this?
Shaved ice.
Li Wan Zhe.
I think he's suffering from heat stroke.
- Wan Zhe!
- What is this?
- I'll give you a massage.
- Gosh, I'm sorry.
- Sorry. I'll make another bowl for you.
- It's okay.
-
Hao Wei, help me with the customer.
Sorry about that.
Li Wan Zhe!
One day, the shell came home.
- It said...
- "I'm shelled."
Do you know why vampires don't eat spicy food?
Because they are like Blandimir.
- Do you know...
- Just speak your mind.
What does that card mean?
What was all that about finding my way?
Sometimes, cards are just prompts.
They aren't answers.
Here, take it.
- Thanks.
- Not now.
-
- All right.
- Keep it.
Oh, I was about to keep it.
What?
The massage?
Ouch!
So, you can feel pain?
Duh.
What is this new act now?
An act for Xiao Hai?
Don't say that name again.
I just can't figure out why
he keeps confessing his love to me.
Didn't you want to be in love?
All that stuff about a passionate romance.
Love has come knocking.
Why are you so shocked?
-
Just accept his love.
I didn't know my wish would come true.
Didn't you ask me to accept things?
Fine, let's assume the wish came true.
But I don't want to date Xiao Hai!
We're like brothers, best buddies.
We game together.
Now, you want us to be a couple?
-
Isn't that hella strange?
Well... It's impossible.
-
So, we have to find a way
to nullify the wishes.
That's really rude.
Nah, forget it.
Hello. Good evening.
Are you going to ask about He Xiang Yong?
Xiang Yong went missing after a tiny mistake.
Who knows where he's run off to?
Has he called you?
Nope.
I'm here to find out where he is,
and I'm not having it easy with him gone.
He didn't contact you?
Darn brat.
Pick one.
He might be in trouble.
What trouble?
Look for the answer yourself.
Hang on, I chose that card.
Aren't you going to tell me what's on it?
-
What trouble will he be in?
And who will he meet?
I'm off to fulfill my mission.
Miss!
Finish your sentence!
Li Wan Zhe!
I have something to tell you!
Come over here.
I need to talk to you, too.
Sit.
- Actually...
- I...
- You...
Forget it, you can go first.
No, you go first.
I don't know why I've suddenly
confessed your love.
- But...
- Actually...
This island has a strange myth.
If shooting stars are streaking across the sky
while you are doing something weird...
Shooting stars?
Yep, the shooting stars.
The shooting stars are behind this.
You don't really like me,
but you just ended up liking me.
Yep, that's it.
I'm really in love with you.
I really think the shooting stars caused this.
- Trust me.
- You trust me.
Trust my trust in you.
Trust your trust that's trusting...
Just get a night's sleep.
Tomorrow, everything will be back to normal.
You...
You've just been bewitched
by some strange power.
So, you've been forced
to suddenly declare your love.
Yes, that must be it.
Yep.
I like you, I mean it.
You like me?
Fine, what exactly do you like about me?
I like your lovely eyes.
I like your tall nose.
-
I like your thick lips.
I like your long legs.
-
I like how filial you are.
I like how you're an attentive friend.
I like how you're so cheerful with everyone.
I like the shaved ice you make for me
with tons of extra plums.
I like how you chomp down your food.
I want to eat tons of good food with you.
Okay.
All right, I got it.
How are you going to prove your words?
How do you want me to prove them?
Got it.
Turtle egg cakes.
I'll buy them for you tomorrow morning.
Wait.
Turtle egg cakes? You'll get them?
But I'm craving pork knuckle rice.
The one sold at Siping Street, New Taipei.
How do you know?
Hang on.
There's more.
I also want to have the charcoal toast sandwich
from Yancheng District, Kaohsiung,
squid vermicelli from Guohua Street, Tainan,
vinegar cold noodles
from Wenhua Street, Chiayi,
Heizhuyuan chicken feet,
stinky tofu from Heping Street,
jute leaves soup from Taichung's second market,
rolled wraps from Hsinchu's City God Temple,
and garlic meat soup
from Taishan Road, Yilan.
How's that? Can't buy them all, huh?
Let me think about it.
When you've bought them all,
we can discuss your feelings for me.
-
He probably can't buy them all.
Yeah, it's impossible.
No way he can do it.
Impossible.
Jiao has been acting weird lately.
He keeps coming for consultations.
He's totally fine, though.
-
But he comes just to ask about you.
What's up?
Bad mood?
It's my son.
Who knows what trouble he's stirred.
He's quit his job and come back here.
And now, he's recruited some...
university classmate to work at our inn.
I can't figure him out.
It is rather strange.
What's going on?
How about you ask the publishing house?
He's a grown man.
Can't he handle his own problems?
True...
I bet he's being stubborn.
When Xiang Yong was young,
he had a high fever.
-
You carried him across half the island to me.
Never even thought to bike over.
Do you know what you said to me?
What did I say?
You said parents are tasked
with a lifetime of worrying.
No matter how old their children are,
parents never stop worrying.
Right?
Why do these words
sound so gross coming from you?
That better be true.
Forget it.
He's a grown man now.
I should be living a peaceful life now.
But worry is written all over your face.
Don't waste your time chatting
and drinking with me.
How about trying to
get to the bottom of things?
You need to know where to start
when resolving problems.
You're just all talk.
When are you going to finish that origami boat?
- I can burn it for you in the afterlife.
- Screw off.
-
Face the sea and count...
1, 4, 2, 8, 5, 7.
Wan Zhe's stall makes awesome shaved ice.
Nothing on the menu is bad.
But the taro balls take time.
They cook them upon ordering.
What's wrong?
Don't hurl your tower!
[Home is He-re?]
Zhong Xiao You. Something's not right.
-
What's up?
When I brought breakfast to Xi Xi,
she refused to leave her room.
I also heard some strange noises.
Stuff like this...
-
After that, some crashing sounds.
Did someone visit her?
She's probably fine.
That's just how comic artists are.
I'm sure she's being rushed to meet deadlines.
So, she's locked herself in
and unleashed her alter ego.
But she can't imprison herself like this.
What if she's in trouble?
How do we help her?
-
She'll be fine.
Excuse me.
I'll call Mr. He.
Chen Hao Wei.
What?
How about you go buy some stuff?
What stuff?
Bitter gourd and black tea.
Why do I have to buy them?
Fine. You can call Mr. He.
-
When he's back, the room
should be completely demolished.
It's your fault if shit goes down.
Do you need sugar in your green tea?
Black tea, no sugar.
But do I get white or green bitter gourd?
Whichever.
Hurry up.
I don't get it.
[Home is He-re]
He's taking so long.
Hey, this is Home is He-re.
Xiao You. I'll leave the island for a bit.
-
A bunch of fishing tour groups might visit.
Make sure five rooms are available.
Don't accept too many guests.
-
- Call me if there are issues.
- When will you be back?
-
Hello?
Hey!
He knows there are tour groups,
but he's leaving the inn to two part-timers.
I'm back.
You got the right stuff, yeah?
Black tea?
-
Yep, black tea.
But I bought both types of bitter gourd.
[Mr. He: 6/26 Fishing Tour Group]
[Inn full booking, no other guests]
It's fine. I just need bitter gourd.
I made some tea for you.
It's by the door.
-
What?
Need to destress too?
Nah.
I just want to know if it's effective.
Never heard of "bitter before the sweet"?
The brain has four chemicals
that trigger happiness:
Serotonin, Dopamine, Endorphins, and Oxytocin.
The bitterness in bitter gourds
triggers endorphins in the brain,
while black tea is packed with
tea polyphenols and antioxidants.
So, bitter gourd with black tea can help one destress.
-
- Is that really true?
- Of course.
-
I read it somewhere.
You read such books?
Yeah.
I don't have many friends.
When I have time, I read.
-
You talk so slowly,
but you're pretty reliable now.
-
You didn't lie to me today.
Do I lie to you often?
I've only said one real lie to you.
What was it?
He said you're the last person
he wants to remember.
On the first night.
The stuff I told you on the rooftop.
Night time...
Which was it?
Doesn't matter if you've already forgotten.
How about this?
Let's play a game.
We'll ask each other questions.
But we have to be honest.
Up for it?
Ask away.
Did I make He Xiang Yong leave?
Nah.
Are you serious?
Yep.
Your turn.
What are you doing?
Did you date He Xiang Yong?
Why have you come to Starry Islet
to look for him?
What is Chen Hao Wei up to?
[Epilogue]
Can he stop doing everything alone?
Does he think he's Kobe Bryant?
Soloing every single thing.
- About today...
- Sorry.
Basketball is a team sport, all right?
You want to make a shot,
but you can't even score.
-
What the hell?
I don't want to be on his team anymore.
Why are you here?
I'm fine.
It's just a competition.
He Xiang Yong.
Now, others won't see you that you're upset.
- Do you know why I've come looking for you?
- I'm not upset.
-
I'm fine.
Just laugh when you want to.
Cry when you want to.
Don't care what others think about you.
Because when I find you,
I feel like I can find myself.
He.
Sorry for interrupting.
You're He Xiang Yong, aren't you?
This isn't a fight, it's a tiff.
I want to see him because I want to beat him up.
-
Surprise.
Xiang Yong, your favorite watermelon candy.